on Thursday of last week I saw my doctor
for a follow-up on sleep medication to
help me with my nightmares she told me
about the trial and that her own
daughters were testifying I had never
read any articles watched any videos or
asked any questions before that I did
not want to know anything I was in
denial but when I got home from that
appointment I got on my laptop and
watched all three days of the trial so
far
I stayed up for hours and sat there in
shock what I realized was that I am NOT
an outlier my story is so similar to
many other girls there were times where
I felt like I was listening to myself I
was affected by Larry he did hurt me and
he hurt hundreds of other young women he
took away my innocence and that is
something I will never be able to get
back something so precious that was
created by God with the purest of
intentions was completely devalued by
him I feel sick just thinking about it
the little girl he called his favorite
fierce five fan was in fact his victim
but thanks to the court I will never be
victimized by him again and I will also
never let him win I will not take my own
life I'm going to take it back well I
will never get back those years of
mental suffering I want my old self back
but me I was before Larry I want to be
joyous and confident again Larry you've
made me feel so special I looked up to
you so much you were the best in your
field coaches and doctors praised you
for your abilities I wanted to be just
like you you helped me heal the
countless injuries I experienced in
gymnastics and not only did you help me
heal you established a relationship with
me my picture was a thank you
with a thank you note was added to your
wall because I thought you were the
greatest you gave us discounts special
visits
interacted with me on social media and
gave me gifts almost every other visit I
remember the day you gave me the 2012
Olympic tea-towel from London with all
of the girls signatures on it it brought
tears to my eyes I had just been told
that yet again I was sentenced to the
sidelines and you cheered me up with a
gift I truly treasured it hung in a
shadow box on my wall for years you used
your power to get close to me you
weren't just a doctor you were a trusted
friend and I think that is why I had
been in denial for so long I did not
want to admit that you betrayed and
deceived me I still believed in you and
had sympathy for you how could I've been
so naive how could a person that I
thought to be so genuine and kind and
caring be in fact the opposite I will
never understand but now that I've said
that I want you to look at me I believe
in forgiveness Larry you and I are human
beings we make mistakes although you
have hurt me I want to forgive you and
feel closure and move on to healing in
my life I want you to apologize to me
right here I want to forgive you but I
also want to hear you tell me that you
forgot you guys q2 USA Gymnastics the
United States Olympic Committee Michigan
State University and John got hurt I
have one thing to say to you don't you
ever let this happen again